# Group Meeting
## VSFs in Centaurus
- Gatuzz et al. (2023) did VSFs and PDFs of the hot gas in Centaurus using XMM-Newton data.
  - They have very high variance.
  - They have very few points and low SNR.
- Ganguly et al. (2023) did VSFs of the cold gas in filaments of multiple CC clusters including Centaurus using MUSE and ALMA data.
  - First order VSFs.
  - The VSF is steeper than the classical Kolmogorov expectation.
  - They find a slope of 0.61.
  - I think the expectation for first order VSFs is 1/3.
  - They have significantly less scatter than Gatuzz et al. (2023).
## Other
- Data collection section.
- Code to reproduce the LOKI fits and zoom on different parts to be able to analyze the fits better.
---
- See with Patrick if there exists catalogues of stellar absorption features in the range we are looking for.
- Reproject the NIRSpec data on the MUSE header and fit through LOKI again to see if the disk disappears in velocity maps. This would tell us if the fact that we cannot see the disk in MUSE is only because of limited resolution.
- Dexter/plot digitizer to extract data from plots in papers.
- Create a VSF for next week. Overlay the data from Ganguly et al. (2023).
- Question to Joseph: did you crop the start of the cube? How reliable is the calibration at the borders of the spectra?
- Check if the disk has different sizes depending on the lines/energies.
- Tying lines together improves SNR, whereas averaging the lines separately after fitting can bias the results.
---
- [ ] Talk to Patrick
- [ ] VSF of the entire region