# Group Meeting
- I have looked at position-velocity diagrams.
    - They are used to study the velocity profiles along specific axes. PV diagrams can reveal fully the wings and the multi-component structures.
    - We could have an aperture that goes through the nucleus to see if there is an increase in velocity dispersion there.
    - We would have to choose an atomic line to do this, far from other lines.
    - Do you know any paper that has done this with so many lines? It is typically done with one line.
    - This could be a comparison point of the gas for all data.
    - Could we calculate an "average" velocity of the gas? Either by doing a run by tying all the lines together, or by choosing averaging the velocities of multiple lines?
    <!-- - They are done with a single velocity field. -->
    <!-- - We could either choose a single line to use or try to do a run with say all the S lines tied to get an approximate mean velocity of the gas. We could also -->
    <!-- - The number of pixels might be an issue for now. -->
    <!-- - We could even try to do a position-sigma diagram? -->
- What was the final consensus on multi-component fitting for this paper? I have a figure I could include (`Results_6`).
- Fig 2 contains both the gas and stellar kinematics, but my sections present them separately. Should I split the figure in two, or keep it as is? I also find it more logical to have the gas kinematics first, then the stellar kinematics (so invert the order of Figs 2 and 3).
- Maybe bin or smooth out the data for the figures? Grant's paper uses smooth contours.
- What data do we have access to for the other instruments? Do we have maps of each line's kinematics? Do we also have stellar kinematics for MUSE?
- What about VSFs? I have done some with as low as 400 points (we have more than 1400 pixels at the present resolution). Zurflueh filters to remove the gradient?
---
- Filaments are the way for the gas to get in the BH.
- We could compute the CO X factor from our data.
- The H$\alpha$ filaments were thought to contain star formation, but no young stars were detected. A bright quasar could photoionize the filaments, but we do not have such a powerful AGN. Current thinking is that the filaments are ionized by particles from the hot gas or that they are in a medium filled with cosmic rays.
- I could use the mega gas figures to justify that the gas kinematics are similar across all lines -> we can use a fit with all the lines tied together to get an average velocity dispersion of the gas.
- PV: Do Pa$\alpha$. We could maybe also do one for the "average" gas?
- We could also do a semi-PV by using slits on a sigma map
- We can do a very long slit for MUSE to show the outer trends also. But beware to not take too much since this is someone else's data, so maybe stick only to the central region.
- For the stellar + gas figure, set the same colorbar. The average gas could be taken or another line, but choose the colorbar limits only to show properly the stellar $v$ and $\sigma$. The gas will clip but it will allow to compare better the kinematics.
- Grant's Fig. 16: order the maps with the energy/temperature of the transition
- XRISM would probably just be a single value and be given in the discussion, so maybe nothing in the results section.
- Grant's Fig. 16: just like him, include the spectrum to explain what we see in the maps being compared.
- Grant's Fig. 16: compare with the stellar kinematics. *Maybe talk with Jorge about this, he suggested it.*
- Try smoothing the pixels using contours just like Grant did.
- Research on VSF in clusters (see if there are studies about VSFs in Centaurus)
- Maybe mix VSFs of gas and X-ray. Doing VSFs could be done in a separate paper (Letter).
---
- [ ] Start working on the plots
- [x] Research VSF in Centaurus
- [x] Observations section
- [x] Make a code to zoom on the fitted spectrum
