# Group Meeting
Pre:
- I've worked on quite a bit of software to easily open Michael's maps, rotate the images, make figures to see the different lines, etc.
- The H210 fit in the swirl is weird. The FWHM shows a large decrease in the swirl. Actually, the FWHM caps at 800 everywhere except for the swirl where it's ≈500. talk to michael reefe
- I took the AGN position from Taylor's VLBA observations ("The low-power nucleus of PKS 1246−410 in the Centaurus cluster"). How was is obtained in the proposal? Is the centre of the field supposed to be the AGN?
- How precise does the AGN position need to be? (problem with the pixel rotation). it's fine
- Where do I get the VLBI radio jet positions? They were used in the proposal so Julie might have them? write to Fabian
- If we really want to have the layout as discussed, figures 3 are going to be pretty hard to fit on one page each. 2 will probably be good, we'll see for the final selection
- Which SNR should we choose? I chose 3 for now. yes
- Show only the arrows for the top row? yes
- ---
- To get the VLBI contours: (british and polite (dear professor)) (Fabian)
- acf@ast.cam.ac.uk
- Look at his 2016 paper to see if there are other data I need
- Do you have the data for your figure X

d) fig 2: put little stars indices for all the variables at the bottom, gas at the top	ok
double check the units
check the units of the stellar mass (per area?)

fig 3: have the same bounds for velocity and velocity dispersion	ok

add the name of the lines in the top left of each subplot	ok

write the intro: why this object is important, kinematics
---
LOKI notes:
- The fit has to be done again (probably without tying the kinematics and everything) and verify that the FWHM is not capped at its upper bound in most of the region (e.g. this was the case for all of the H_2 lines in the majority of pixels).
- Is the detector gap really included for reduced chi2 calculation?. It seems like the region is taken into account looking at the bottom error plots. This could improve the fit.
- A lot of lines blend together, maybe introduce stricter bounds on the centroid position of each line?
- Continuum fit has to be improved. We aren't sure if the stellar mass drop in the center is a physical result or not.
- Other stuff discussed during the JWST workshop.
- Right now LOKI fits the continuum first, then the emission lines. We could try doing it all at once? Of course there would be a very high number of free parameters.

